1. "Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
2. "Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
3. "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
4. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
5. "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
6. "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
7. "If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
8. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
9. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
10. "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
11. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
12. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
13. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
14. "The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
15. "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
16. "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
17. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
18. "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
19. "It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
20. "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
21. "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
22. "You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
23. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
24. "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
25. "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
26. "We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." - Ronald Reagan
27. "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." - Helen Keller
28. "I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." - Marilyn Monroe
29. "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
30. "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas A. Edison
31. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
32. "There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
33. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
34. "Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln
35. "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." - Elbert Hubbard
36. "I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
37. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
38. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
39. "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
40. "Love is a serious mental disease." - Plato
41. "To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
42. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
43. "Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
44. "You never know what you have until you lose it, and once you lose it, you can never get it back." - Unknown
45. "A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
46. "Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." - Khalil Gibran
47. "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
48. "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle
49. "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
50. "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
51. "Fortune and love favor the brave." - Ovid
52. "Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
53. "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
54. "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
55. "All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe
56. "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." - William Shakespeare
57. "It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
58. "It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J.K. Rowling
59. "The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
60. "Life is a long lesson in humility." - James M. Barrie
61. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
62. "If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
63. "I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
64. "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
65. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
66. "It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle Onassis
67. "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
68. "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
69. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
70. "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
71. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
72. "The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
73. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
74. "Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it." - Albert Einstein
75. "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
76. "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
77. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
78. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
79. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
80. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
81. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
82. "It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
83. "I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." - Marilyn Monroe
84. "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
85. "Love is a serious mental disease." - Plato
86. "To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
87. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
88. "Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
89. "You never know what you have until you lose it, and once you lose it, you can never get it back." - Unknown
90. "A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
91. "Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." - Khalil Gibran
92. "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
93. "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle
94. "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
95. "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
96. "Fortune and love favor the brave." - Ovid
97. "Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
98. "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
99. "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
100. "All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe